[INDY-2330] Tool for checking zmq connection (#1471)
hyperledger/indy-plenum: scripts/test_zmq/README.md

## Overview 
This tool would be helpful for checking zmq connection between two remote machines. It consists of two parts, client and server and performs 2 checks:
* tcp connection check firstly
* zmq connection check if tcp was successful

# Client
As a client this tool has the next required input parameters:

> ``  

Reviewer: Please user ``` instead of ``

--zmq ZMQ   String with address:port representation. Like 127.0.0.1:9702
--tcp TCP   String with address:port representation. Like 127.0.0.1:10000
``
`--zmq` and `--tcp` options are required, because they need to determine address/port tuple for remote connection for tcp and zmq protocols.
Also, it's important to make sure that both of protocols are acceptable to create connection between two nodes.

> `address` - it's IP address of node which will be used to run this script as `server`.

Reviewer: What about `port`?

# Server
As a server this tool has the next input parameters:
``
--zmq_port ZMQ_PORT  Port which will be used for ZMQ client's connections
--tcp_port TCP_PORT  Port which will be used for TCP client's connections
--addr ADDR          Address which will used for incoming client's
                     connection. 0.0.0.0 by default
``
As for client `--zmq` and `--tcp` parameters are required too and define port for client's connections.
`--addr` parameter is optional and define IP address for binding. '0.0.0.0' will be used by default.

# Example

> Let client's machine will be `10.0.0.1` and server's `10.0.0.2` IP addresses. In this case, for checking connections we can run server as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let client's machine IP address be `10.0.0.1` and server's machine IP address be `10.0.0.2`. In this case, for checking connections we can run the server as:
```

> ``

Reviewer: Please user ``` instead of ``

check_zmq.sh server '--zmq_port 9999 --tcp_port 10000 --addr 10.0.0.2'     # --addr is not required now, 0.0.0.0 is enough
`` 
and command for client run is:
``
check_zmq.sh client '--zmq 10.0.0.2:9999 --tcp 10.0.0.2:10000'
``

> 

Reviewer: Please mention what this script will do so that's this is not a surprise that it installs virtualenv.

Author: Ok. I'll add some comments regarding requirements for installation too, like `python3, pip3, etc...`
